[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>The next subject
is kind of important.
There's some important
issues in all of this.
And that is the signs
and experiences,
et cetera, of what happens in
the very last, in the end time.
Let's say we're actually
approaching the time when
the poles are going to shift
and the real thing's going
to happen.
We're going to
have to implement--
whatever we're
going to implement
is going to have to happen.
Well, first of all,
all I can tell you
is what normally happens.
And since we're not
a normal situation,
I don't know what's
going to happen.
That's the truth, I
really don't know.
But there are certain
things that I'm
pretty sure will occur, because
of the nature of the reality.
The ones that I don't know
about is-- what usually happens
is the magnetic
field of the Earth
begins to decrease in value
for hundreds of years prior
to the event taking place.
And you can actually map it.
If you want to look
at it over time,
it'll just keep going down and
down and down and down and down
and it will get weaker and
weaker and weaker and weaker
and weaker and weaker.
In this case, the magnetic field
of the Earth-- in our Earth,
today, 1993, has been
dropping for over 500 years.
And they know that for sure.
And it's been getting weaker
and weaker and weaker.
However, it will eventually
get to the place where
it will get so unstable,
and then at the end,
it begins to go
all over the place.
It begins to wander,
which is what's
now occurring and has been
occurring for a few years now.
This is why the whales
are beaching themselves,
because the whales follow
these ancient magnetic lines.
And these magnetic lines have
now turned into land masses,
and they just follow them
right into land masses.
There's not supposed
to be any land there.
And that's the problem
that's been going on.
Magnetic field is the
key to a lot of this.
So this field gets
weaker and weaker,
and then usually about
three months to six months
before, the field
begins to truly distort.
A real distortion that you could
actually measure carefully,
easily, with any kind of
instruments that we have now,
will begin to take place.
When this happens, the
world will totally lose it.
We will be in a big banana zoo.
All the social systems
would break down.
Usually what happens
towards the end of a system
like this, the very, very end
days, is it goes into chaos.
What I mean by that specifically
is that the emotional body is
tied to not your mental
patterns that we talked about,
how your mind can
be erased, not only
is your mental patterns tied
to the magnetic field-- which
we're not real clear
about in this thing.
But so are the
emotional patterns.
And those we are
more clear about.
In other words, the moon
affects the magnetic field.
When it's full and it
comes in close like that,
the magnetic field of the
Earth takes a slight bubble
in the area it moves across
as the full moon comes in.
And you can just go to any
police blotter in United
States-- or in the world,
really-- to any major city,
and look what happens the day
before, the day of, and the day
after the full moon.
There's more murders,
and rapes, and killings,
and weird stuff going on at that
time than at any other time.
And the reason is because
if you are emotionally
imbalanced-- if you're on the
edge-- and the full moon comes,
that's all it takes.
It's just enough to
throw you over the edge.
So you get more
people then than ever.
Imagine what would happen when
the magnetic field of a planet
just starts going
all over the place.
It just starts going crazy.
So does the people.
They just go crazy.
They emotionally go crazy.
And as soon as that happens, all
your social systems break down.
Your financial systems,
your everything.
Da da da, all the
way down there.
They all are on the emotional
system, first, of the humans.
And if that breaks down,
everything else breaks down.
All your food chains
are going to break down.
Everything else.
Nobody's going to work and
everything falls apart.
Now, that may not happen.
And There's a good chance
that it won't happen.
I'm only saying that's
what usually takes place.
That's usually three
to six months before.
And then the thing that
probably will happen,
and you'll probably
understand in a minute
why this will almost
sure for sure take place,
is about five to
six hours before
the actual dimensional
shift begins to occur
and the poles begin to
shift-- and usually,
by the way, the
shifting of the poles
and the consciousness change are
simultaneous and interconnected
on magnetic and
electromagnetic levels.
The third and the
fourth dimension
begin to-- if you want to
look at it as a membrane,
though they're not
really that way.
Each one passes through
each one already.
But the third and fourth
dimension begin to interface.
And when they do, two things
happen almost every time.
It's almost unavoidable.
I can't see how this
one would not happen.
That is that something
that I talked about before,
where I said that these
synthetic objects, things--
I don't have too many synthetic
objects-- but like this bar
of metal and stuff like this,
all these synthetic things,
remember we talked about them?
Did I say that?
>>The last class.
>>Coming in, all that stuff
came out of the causal plane.
Well, all those things, the
grid starts breaking down.
When the conscious level
starts breaking down,
the whole grid
that people are on
begins to degenerate
and break down.
And when it does, all this
stuff, and those things,
and all those things, start
going unstable and start
disappearing right
before your eyes.
Turning into their elements.
Exactly what that looks
like, I don't know.
The atoms aren't
going to go away,
they're just going to return
to their natural state.
I don't exactly know what
that means, precisely.
I don't have that in my memory.
>>Excuse me?
What's the five
or six hours mean?
>>That's when it will begin.
Five or six hours before the
actual shifting of the axis.
Before the actual going from
third to fourth dimension.
Before the actual thing happens,
which [INAUDIBLE] talked about,
that's when you'll begin to
see synthetic objects begin
to disappear.
And there's an entire
spectrum of stability.
Like I said before, some
things are very unstable,
and some things are
not as unstable.
So you're not going to
have everything go proof
like that at once.
It's just going to
start happening.
And it's going to be
a very obvious event.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
Plus, if you're
already unstable.
[LAUGHTER]
Then that'll tend to slingshot
you into goo-goo-ville.
Yeah?
>>That really reminds
me of like [INAUDIBLE]
was healing herself.
It's like the Earth
is healing itself,
I imagine at that point.
Maybe that's what
it means, it goes
back to where it was before.
>>In a way, that's true.
That's what it's doing,
it's returning the dream.
Because it's just light,
it's just a dream,
returning it back to
its initial state.
These are the same old
atoms we've been using
over and over and over again.
They've been here for
from the beginning.
Recycle them.
It's for this reason that the
native peoples of the world--
at least most of them.
I don't know if this is true.
Is this true, in Hawaii,
do you know this?
What I'm about to
say, answer this.
My connection is
with the Taos Pueblo,
I have a strong
connection with them.
And they've been
there for 1,400 years.
They knew this was
coming a long time.
They were told, even
up until right today,
that this day, the day of
purification would occur.
And that in their
buildings and everything,
they're not allowed to use
any synthetic things at all.
Nothing.
People thought that
that was because they
didn't want to be connected
with white man kind of stuff.
It had nothing to do with that.
They only have mud and sticks,
mud floors, wood doors,
and things like this.
They're not even
allowed, by law,
to have anything
synthetic in them.
Because they know it won't
be there in the end times.
And in the end
times, they're told--
they know what the signs are.
These signs that
I'm talking about,
they already know
what these things are.
And when they see
these things happen,
when they see that society's
starting to go totally crazy
and all these
things happen, they
are told to go into their-- even
though they have modern homes
out around places, called
their summer homes,
they have out there.
They live in them a lot.
They all have their own room in
place to go when the time has.
Each family has
their place to go.
When the time is, they're all
to go back to the old pueblo,
go into the rooms, cover up the
windows so you don't look out.
Not to look out,
because there would
be so many unusual
things going out there
that it would just cause fear.
So they're told not to
look outside, to sit down,
and to pray.
And to remain inside
their buildings.
So there's another thing that
will occur, or could occur
simultaneously, depending on
where you are geographically
on the planet.
This may happen,
it may not happen.
The other one will
happen for sure, I think.
This one, you've got about--
I would say a 20%, 80% chance.
There's about an 80% chance it
will happen, 20% it may not.
And that is that a
fourth dimensional object
may appear into your
space before you actually
go into the fourth dimension.
If that happens, there won't
be any doubt whatsoever
that that's taken place.
Because it will be
the weirdest thing
you've ever experienced
ever in your entire life,
since you were a baby.
It will be colors that
are coming to you that you
didn't-- that register in your
mind in ways you've never seen.
Just the phenomena of seeing
colors you didn't know existed
will definitely alert
you to, this is it.
But it'll also be
colors that-- you
remember when you all
looked at the-- you
took the piece of paper away?
[LAUGHTER]
You took the piece
of paper away, and--
[LAUGHTER]
Maybe it's my belt or something.
You took the--
remember when we had
those things--
took the paper away
and you saw how that light was
kind of glowing off of stuff.
They have kind of
that-- they have
colors that glow on their
own, only a lot brighter.
And they're just
new and different.
And objects don't have
these flat kind of things.
Everything glows
on its own kind,
I can't explain it to you.
It's very beautiful.
But shape is another thing.
The shape is such that
you can't possibly imagine
what the heck the shape is.
So when you see it, you'll know.
There won't be any
doubt, you'll go, a-ha.
There won't be a doubt.
But my advice to you on this
is if you can at all help it--
and you may not be
able to help it.
But if you can at all
help it, don't touch it.
Because if you do,
it will throw you,
it will slam you, into
the fourth dimension.
It will suck you out of
here and throw you in there
very quickly.
And if you like to go
fast, that's a way.
But it's better if you go
a little slower right now.
And just--
>>What would the danger be?
>>I don't know if
it's a danger or not,
but probably the main danger
would be going so fast is fear.
Fear's a real big danger.
>>Drunvalo, will everybody
[? pull? ?] Everyone
on the planet?
>>Well, normally.
I'm going to talk about
that in just a second.
Maybe you can hold that
off just for a moment.
The next thing that
happens after that is very,
very quickly, five to
six hours after that,
you're going to
see this shifting
in colors I talked about from
red, orange, yellow, green,
blue, purple, flash of white.
Everything turning
gold, going to black.
And you're going to find
yourself in a great void.
And you'll be in the great
void for about three days.
And then all of a
sudden, in an instant,
you will find yourself in this
beautiful, highly unusual,
new world.
Not having the slightest
idea what's going on.
But just have a good time,
and don't worry about a thing.
Really, there's
nothing to worry about.
Absolutely nothing.
It's just fine.
You're just a baby, that's all.
There's no problem.
Not any problem at all.
It's totally covered.
You'll understand as it goes on.
In fact, the more fun you
have, the better it will be.
There is a problem
with some people,
and this has in to what she
just said, will everybody go?
In the normal scenario,
what usually happens
in a normal situation
like this is only a few
people make it through.
This is what Jesus was
referring to, many are called,
few are chosen.
This is what usually happens.
Not very many people
of a planet can
get through to the higher
levels on the first time around.
But once those few
people get through, then
over a long period of
time, those few people
slowly bring through
the rest of the plant.
But it takes a long time,
that's what normally happens.
In this case, I don't think
that's what's going to happen.
I think we're going to see
every single last person
on the planet go through,
without exception.
That's what we think
is going to happen.
And very quickly, and
very sophisticatedly.
In some kind of really
extraordinary way.
But I can't talk about
that, because I don't
know if that's going to happen.
So all I can talk about is
what will probably happen.
What usually happens.
And so-- this many are
called and finny-- finny.
Finny are called--
[LAUGHTER]
Good thing we're
near the end here.
Many are called
and few are chosen
because what usually happens
is if you go through,
and then a few more go
through that shouldn't
have gone through, and then
most of them don't go through.
And so part of them end up
on one dimensional level
of the Earth or the planet.
A few of them end up on
the other dimensional end
in a planet.
And the ones that weren't
supposed to go through
have an interesting experience.
And this relates to-- this is
a real important point, what
I'm about to say.
You might underline this on
your pages, if you're writing.
You see, Jesus gave a
parable about this time.
I don't think most people really
knew what he was talking about.
He talked about this farmer
who was growing wheat.
And his helpers came
in and said that there
was weeds growing in the
wheat, and asked what to do.
And the farmer said to let
them grow with the wheat,
and that they would
separate the shaft?
>>Wheat from the chaff.
>>From the shaft.
Afterwards.
Now, as I understand it, that
is not what most farmers do.
They usually try to
get rid of those weeds
before they turn into
these giant weeds,
and then the whole
thing is mixed up.
So what he was
really talking about
was an unusual
situation, which is
the wheat are the people
that are prepared.
And being prepared, I mean
their emotional bodies
and their minds and their
hearts and everything
are clean, and
have done the work,
and are ready to
make that transition.
But there may be somebody who
is almost ready, but not quite
ready.
Because hadn't had certain--
wasn't quite finished
in the whole thing.
And so that person
might have learned
enough to be able to get
over to the other side
when it all happens.
But what happens to
that person is, is they
get on the other side, and
here they're now in a world
that they're not
quite ready for.
And everything is totally
unusual and a little scary.
And their fears come up.
Well, you see, the nature the
fourth dimension is-- it's
similar to what it
is here, actually.
It's true everywhere.
Only a difference in timing.
On the third dimension,
whatever you think
and whatever you feel
is creating the reality
you're around.
It just usually
isn't instantaneous.
It's usually-- there's
a little time lag.
And sometimes so
much of a time lag,
you don't even know that it's
really you that's doing it.
But in the fourth
dimension, it's
absolutely instantaneous
with each breath.
So whatever you're thinking
and feeling happens now.
Right now.
And so if you come over
there and suddenly you're
in a strange world,
then what people
tend to do in the
beginning, since it's
kind of like a mental
and emotional mirror,
they begin to try to create the
third dimensional world back
again.
But in the process
of doing that,
they usually become fearful.
The fears come up.
And whatever the fears are,
the fears begin to manifest 3D
in their life.
And so if they are
afraid of whatever it
is-- if they feel like they
need to protect themselves--
I always use this one.
Trying to protect themselves,
they start getting afraid,
they start seeing people that
they're actually creating.
And they see these things and
it all looks scary to them.
They think they need
to protect themselves.
They say, I need a sword, I
need a knife, I need a gun.
I've got to protect myself.
They look down, here's this gun.
They grab this, oh, there's one.
They grab a gun and they shoot
at this person that's coming
at them, so they shoot back.
They find themselves
in a battle,
and the battle devours them and
kills them and throws them back
into the third dimension.
Spits them out.
Because they had a fear.
Jesus had talked
about this, also.
And he said, if you
live by the sword,
you will die by the sword.
This is exactly what
he was referring to.
This time that was coming.
Much of what he
was talking about
was preparing for after the
resurrection, not before.
He says, if you live by the
sword, you'll die by the sword.
He also said something else.
The meek would
inherit the Earth.
So if you're sitting there
having a good old time
and you're just
saying to yourself
love and truth and beauty and
trust and harmony and peace,
then that is exactly what
manifests in your reality.
Because that's what's
coming out of your thoughts.
And you manifest
a stable reality.
And the reality embraces
you and keeps you.
Or, in other words,
you keep yourself.
You create it yourself.
And so you end up being the
inheritors of the Earth, only
on another dimensional level.
And so the greatest
thing that I can
see to do at this time,
other than the schooling,
the learning, and
opening the heart,
is try to improve upon all those
things of spirit and character
so that you don't
do all those things,
like killing and stealing
and beating and hurting.
All those other things, because
they will wrap right back
at you on the other plane.
And it will be instantly,
absolutely instant.
We have all this time
now, a little bit.
[LAUGHTER]
So we could-- and each
moment is an opportunity
to try to improve upon
that aspect of ourselves.
Become less afraid, become more
loving, become more trusting,
and to start living.
We've got a perfect
example here.
We've got other ones, too.
But a real good one is Jesus.
He led a life that if you
can even live close to that,
will probably be fine.
>>I thought 3D would be over?
>>Huh?
>>I thought 3D would
be over for everyone?
>>What I'm talking about now
is what normally happens,
not what will happen.
I can't tell you what will
happen, because I don't know.
I'm talking about what is the
standard, normal thing that
normally occurs.
But in the understanding
of what normally happens,
you can see the
importance of how
the purification of our
thoughts and feelings--
you can see why the
American Indians call
it the day of purification.
So it's making a
whole lot more sense.
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>Yeah, it sure is.
>>Sometimes you speak in
terms of the dimensional shift
possibly happening any moment
from this point forward,
and at other times
you speak in terms
of things like
developing silicon carbon
lifeforms and things that might
have this sort of technology
that continues.
And so you can't [INAUDIBLE]
[LAUGHTER]
>>I have both sides
going at once.
That's how I survive here.
I have part of me going
on and doing a job
and working, and
doing everything
I can to help the
world, do everything
I can to heal the third
dimension in every way I can.
To make it as healthy as it
can, last as long as it can,
and to pay all my bills
and be responsible
and all that kind of stuff.
And I'm willing to think along
the lines of technology that
will help the planet, love
the planet, things like that.
But I got this other--
I'm real schizophrenic.
I've got this other
side of me that
is aware of the situation
on the other levels
and is preparing for that
side at the same time.
To me, there needs to be
this balance in the situation
that we're in right now.
If you get too much into
not taking care of yourself
as a body, then that's not going
to help the situation, either.
And at the same
time, you get too
much of taking care
of the body and not
caring about the other thing,
that's going to also-- you're
not going to make it that way.
It's this type of balance.
And so depending on how the
question and what you're
talking, where you're coming to
the from, how you talk to me,
will depend on how I answer
that, what you're saying.
And we come from all
different levels here.
So I'm switching back and
forth, it's true, a lot.
Does that help?
Kind of?
Do we have the-- we're
going to do this.
Actually, let me get
the information out.
Because we've only
got 15 more minutes.
Let me get it out and then I'll
stay here as long as you want.
And then we can ask questions.
The other thing that you will
discover after you stay there
for a while-- again, we're in
the usually happens mode, what
normally occurs,
is that the person,
when they get into the fourth
dimension for the first time--
which is an exhilarating
experience because
of being light and
realizing that it's light.
It's like watching that computer
when it could think and see
and it was happy.
It's like watching reality
conform to what you're
thinking and feeling, and the
freedom and the incredibleness
of what it means.
At first, you usually put a
lot of limitations on yourself
like you've got here.
You assume the rules
are kind of the same.
Slowly, you begin to realize
the rules are real different.
And that a lot of things do
not have to be the same way.
And you realize you can start
shaping things with your mind
and you can lift
things off the ground
and you can do all
kinds of things
that would seem impossible.
And then almost inevitably,
because you're a baby, still,
so you start playing with toys.
And one of the toys then is
that you look down at your body
and you go, oh yeah.
And you realize that you
can change your body.
So you usually heal
everything real quick,
and then that's
usually not enough.
That's the first thing.
You get rid of all
that stuff and make
everything work real good.
And then you usually change
yourself to the ideal
that you've always wanted to be.
That's sort of a
kid thing to do.
[LAUGHTER]
And so you make yourself real
tall and handsome or real
beautiful, and become what
you've always wanted to be.
But you can get
pretty tired of that.
But that's usually one
of the things you'll do.
And then after a while, you'll
think, well, what's next.
If you go to the fourth
dimensional world,
you will notice that they
are awfully beautiful.
[LAUGHTER]
Almost all of them.
They're all young and
they're all beautiful
and they're just incredibly--
and everything else like that.
They have their
own personalities
on how they want to
look, but they're usually
always real beautiful.
Then you begin to notice, you
begin to learn other things.
At one point there, you're
going to become aware
that something is moving
around in all of this light.
And inevitably you
assume, become aware,
that there's these
very big beings there.
Relative to you, they'll
be 10 to 16 feet tall.
They'll have these big heads.
And when you look
at them, you'll
have this uncanny feeling
of love toward them.
Because it's mommy and daddy.
There is mommy and daddy
on the fourth dimension.
It's one of the last kind
of mommy and daddy things,
in a way.
But there will be mommy and
daddy in this next world
where you're going to.
You're going into a high
level fourth dimension,
but a low level of what's
possible in other levels.
You're still in body form.
Your body will
still look the same,
it will still feel the same.
Though it'll be-- basically,
it won't be nothing to you.
It will almost be pure energy.
There won't be hardly
any atoms at all.
But there will be atoms.
A different kind of atoms,
but there will be atoms.
The atoms will be
a different kind.
They're there to help you.
They'll take care of you.
They were there all along,
you just didn't notice.
You won't notice it at first.
At one point, though, down
the line, you'll notice it.
But what this is called on the
fourth dimension is a baby.
An adult human being
there is a baby.
Whereas it takes about 21
years for a little baby
here to grow up to
be an adult here,
it takes about two years
there, experientially,
for the baby to
metamorphosize and grow up.
You'll realize you'll begin
growing and getting taller
all the time.
And changing to grow up to
be an adult in that world.
And then slowly, everything
will start making sense.
The colors will make sense,
those forms will make sense.
But your mind has to--
you have to re-orientate
everything inside of you.
Once we normally-- originally,
we thought that that was it.
That was probably where we
were going to go for a while.
And originally it was conceived
of that we would be there
for about 1,000 years.
At this point, I don't think so.
I think that we'll
be there, I think
that we will make adulthood
of about two years,
because we do need to get
to that stage of development
to make the next jump.
But then we will immediately
go into the fifth dimension.
And from there on
in, I don't know.
All I know is it should be or
probably will be very rapid.
Extremely, extremely rapid.
All the way up into the
next dimensional level.
OK, some of the questions
that are usually asked
are, what we do about
mates, children, dogs, pets,
things of this nature here.
Can you take them with you
and these kinds of things.
There is a way that is
possible for two mates
to bring-- for you to
help other life forms.
But I don't know if that's
going to be your way or not.
Though the information
is in the grids, and I
can't give that
to you right now.
But what Jesus
said about this was
that he said, if there would
be two of you in bed-- meaning
the married couple-- and one of
you I will take and one of you
I will not.
But he was referring
to the many are called,
few are chosen scenario.
And in this case, I
think we're all going.
And I really don't know-- you
can't take someone with you
in this Merkaba that
you're learning here.
It's only a one seater.
It won't take anybody else.
There is a possibility,
though, of making
one that is 150,000 seater.
Which is two people.
>>Wow.
>>That's in the grids.
And I don't know if you're
the one to do that or what.
We'll see what's happening.
I think a lot will
change through next year.
I think by next
year, we're going
to know a lot more than we
do now, about everything.
Because it's moving so fast.
>>Who put that one in the grid?
>>Huh?
>>Thoth was-- 32
ascended masters
were the first ones to use it.
I got it from Thoth.
Right before he
left, he came down
and he said that they
had finally given him--
the higher consciousness
had given the proportions
and speeds and all the
various things of how
to do this special Merkaba.
And that they were going
to do it, or try it.
He said that my work with
him was over and completed.
We said goodbye and everything.
He told me how to
do it, and told me
that I would teach
it at one point.
He told me some other things.
And then they left that evening.
And they made it,
from what I feel.
And so the ascended
masters know what it is.
They all know what
this new thing is now.
And it requires the
spine of one person,
and one more person
connecting to that one person.
And that the love
between the two of them,
and certain fields, can
create a Merkaba that extends
in the space 1.6 million miles.
And has the potential,
as a vortex, of 531 feet.
Which is about the size
of two football fields.
So two people can take
as many people with them
as can get in two
football fields.
Which is pretty good.
So it changes the whole rules.
And not only that, it isn't
limited to this octave.
It's not limited to any octave.
>>Does that mean you can
make the planet a spaceship?
>>You absolutely can, yes.
>>With enough people, you
can take the planet with you.
>>That's right.
And that happens to be what
the prophecy of the American
Indians all over the North
American continent say.
Didn't know that?
>>If you read Ken
Carey's work on Starseed,
the spirit speaks
through that way, too.
They make an image
that way, they
describe it in the [INAUDIBLE]
>>That's the ancient image
of all the tribes of Canada,
the United States, Mexico,
and down in the Yucatan
and all down there.
If you take the prophecy that
is in common with all of them,
they say that there will
be three waves of people.
Huge masses of
people that will die.
I think it's beginning
right about this time.
I can't remember the
dates, but it's about 1993.
This huge mass of people dies
all at once on the planet.
And this group of people,
their spirits merge together,
and they leave.
They go away.
Leave the evolutionary
pattern of the Earth,
and they go to another
planet, and they
merge with another
evolutionary pattern.
Then a year or so later, another
huge wave dies, and goes.
They all planned it,
they all worked it out.
They all planned it.
And they leave at this time and
go to another planet and leave.
Now, the third planet--
if I got this right.
It's been a while since
I've read these prophecies.
The third one dies, and
they all blend together.
But they go out into space,
all the dimensional levels,
they leave without
any particular place
where they're going.
They're [? Vinca ?]
type, they want
to just travel and find
out what looks good.
And so they take off,
and they're in Merkaba.
A living Merkaba.
Who's ever left over,
the entire earth
goes into unity, into
unity consciousness.
And we all become one.
The rainbow tribes
all become one.
All the different
colors of the world
become brothers
and sisters again.
And the whole planet becomes
what they say is a spaceship.
They don't say the word Merkaba.
They say it becomes a
spaceship, and that we agree,
and then we take it out of orbit
and fly it away to a new place.
That's what they say.
That's not me
saying that, that's
what the American Indians say.
And it's not one tribe
saying that, it's hundreds.
They all say that.
When I first heard
that, I couldn't
think of how that could be.
Now I know how it can be.
I can see how that's
actually possible.
I don't know if that's
what we're going to do.
I'm not saying that.
Don't get me wrong.
All I know is that
is very possible.
And the direction
we're heading right now
does look like whoever's
on this Earth when
this thing takes place is going
to go into unity consciousness.
And we are going to
go to a unique place.
And if we did join together
in a massive Merkaba-- which
is possible-- on Earth, if
we linked with the Earth's
own Merkaba field
and activated, we
could take our Earth
with us all the way
through to the other level.
We could actually
take it with us.
I don't know what that means.
Don't ask me, I
don't have any idea.
But I know we could
do it if that's
what we were called upon.
But I don't know,
really, what it means.
I mean, in a way, it kind
of looks a giant attachment.
[LAUGHTER]
>>[INAUDIBLE] on the other side.
>>But, see, I don't know.
I mean, I'm not saying
it's going to happen.
But that is what the
America Indians say.
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>Let me just say
one more thing.
We've got two
minutes, let me think.
Is there anything else?
>>Children [INAUDIBLE].
>>What?
>>The children, you said
there was a special children
of the light or something?
>>The children?
>>They say there's
a new [INAUDIBLE].
>>Oh, about taking
children-- a lot of people
want to know about
their kids, if they
can take their kids with them.
>>No, no, no.
Two or three days ago, you
said that there was another--
like the children being born
are a new race or something
like that, of light?
Or something coming?
>>Well there's millions
of kids right now
that are on the planet, right
now, that are very highly
developed beings.
I said that.
And that I believe either
all or almost all of children
are being born this minute
are these kinds of beings.
It's gone from just a
few to almost everything.
But I don't know what else,
what you're talking about.
But they would lead us.
They would be the ones that
wake up and lead us out.
Even Jesus said something
about that, and to our nature,
replying that, least ye
become like children.
Something like that.
You will not enter into--
>>Into the kingdom.
>>The kingdom of heaven?